Added two Computer Organization and Architecture to Courses in English (#7426)
EbookFoundation/free-programming-books: courses/free-courses-en.md

### Computer Organization and Architecture

> * [Computer Architecture Complete course Part 1](https://youtu.be/9nuAjYRbITQ) - Nerd's lesson (YouTube, Video Length 9:29:50)
> * [Computer Architecture Complete course Part 2](https://youtu.be/foCkCSZXOt8) - Nerd's lesson (YouTube, Video Length 9:29:50)
> * [Computer Architecture Complete course Part 3](https://youtu.be/BHMETwOXvWw) - Nerd's lesson (YouTube, Video Length 9:29:50)
> * [Computer Organization & Architecture](https://www.learncomputerscienceonline.com/computer-organization-and-architecture) - Learn Computer Science

Reviewer: Please,

- Don't invent titles. Use the one provided by the original source.
- For YT we prefer playlist URLs. Don't shorten. If are videos, we prefer those > 1h with chapters integrated in timeline.
- Don't invent new notes, e.g. timing length
- Also YT videos/playlist don't need annotations

Fixing...

```suggestion
* [Computer Architecture Complete course Part 1](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9nuAjYRbITQ) - Nerd's lesson
* [Computer Architecture Complete Course Part 2](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=foCkCSZXOt8) - Nerd's lesson
* [Computer Architecture Complete course Part 3](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BHMETwOXvWw) - Nerd's lesson
* [Computer Organization And Architecture \| COA Tutorial With Examples](https://www.learncomputerscienceonline.com/computer-organization-and-architecture) - Learn Computer Science
```

### Computer Organization and Architecture

> * [Computer Architecture Complete course](https://youtu.be/9nuAjYRbITQ) - Nerd's lesson (YouTube, Course Divided Into Three Videos)

Author: Hi @eshellman, according to your contributing guidelines 

> YouTube videos. We usually don't link to individual YouTube videos unless they are more than an hour long and are structured like a course or a tutorial.

So the link to the course provided by me is structured like a course and it is also more than an hour long.

That's why I added that, but if you ask me to remove it I will remove it.

> * [Computer Architecture Complete course](https://youtu.be/9nuAjYRbITQ) - Nerd's lesson (YouTube, Course Divided Into Three Videos)

Author: I have also mentioned the creator and the source of the course

> * [Computer Architecture Complete course](https://youtu.be/9nuAjYRbITQ) - Nerd's lesson (YouTube, Course Divided Into Three Videos)

Reviewer 2: When the video is long like this, pleas mention that in your description.

> * [Computer Architecture Complete course](https://youtu.be/9nuAjYRbITQ) - Nerd's lesson (YouTube, Course Divided Into Three Videos)

Reviewer 2: However, you're still using a shortened link

> * [Computer Architecture Complete course](https://youtu.be/9nuAjYRbITQ) - Nerd's lesson (YouTube, Course Divided Into Three Videos)

Author: @eshellman I have added the video length for each video and I also added two more videos of the same course,

> * [Computer Architecture Complete course](https://youtu.be/9nuAjYRbITQ) - Nerd's lesson (YouTube, Course Divided Into Three Videos)

Author: No problem, Actually I am a first-time contributing to open source maybe that's why I didn't understand what you were trying to say.

### Computer Organization and Architecture

> * [Computer Architecture Complete course Part 1](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9nuAjYRbITQ) - Nerd's lesson (YouTube)
> * [Computer Architecture Complete Course Part 2](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=foCkCSZXOt8) - Nerd's lesson (YouTube)
> * [Computer Architecture Complete course Part 3](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BHMETwOXvWw) - Nerd's lesson (YouTube)

Reviewer: We don't need YT annotations anymore :wink:

```suggestion
* [Computer Architecture Complete course Part 1](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9nuAjYRbITQ) - Nerd's lesson
* [Computer Architecture Complete Course Part 2](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=foCkCSZXOt8) - Nerd's lesson
* [Computer Architecture Complete course Part 3](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BHMETwOXvWw) - Nerd's lesson
```
